What are Binary Trees?
Imagine that your college is going to organize a fest, and you are given the responsibility of managing the entire event. Would you do all the work on your own or are you likely to divide the entire team into smaller parts and assign a task to each one of them? In this case, the second option seems to be a better one. You can divide the team into smaller teams like sponsorship, technical, etc., and each team can have a leader who would instruct the other members of the team.

Notice that doing this would create a hierarchical structure where you are the person at the top, then at the second level you have team leaders, and at the third level, each team has some volunteers. This is what trees are! There is only one element at the top, and each element has some children and grandchildren.

A binary tree is a tree data structure(we shall add a link to the tree article here) whose all nodes have either zero, one, or at most two children nodes. These two children are generally referred to as left and right child respectively.

The top-most node is known as the root node, while the nodes with no children are known as leaf nodes.



Terminologies in Binary Trees

1. Nodes - Nodes are the building blocks of any data structure. They majorly contain some data and link to the next/previous nodes. In the case of binary trees, they contain the address of the left and the right child respectively.

2. Root - The topmost node in a tree is known as the root node. A tree can have at most one root node.

3. Parent Node - A node (except the root) that has a succeeding node is known as a parent node.

4. Child Node - A node that has a preceding node is known as a child node. A node can be both parent and child depending on the node that is in context.

5. Leaf Node - A node with no children.

6. Internal Node - A node that has at least one child node is known as an internal node.

7. Depth of a Binary Tree - The number of edges from a node in the tree to the root node.

8. Height of a Binary Tree - The number of edges from the deepest node in the tree to the root node.